q1
waht is software? waht is software engineering?
>>>
Software is instruction that are written in programming language, that manipulate with the computer to get desire result. Software engineering involve planning, designing, counstrectuing and maintaining software application.

q2
Explain types of software.
>>> 
There are 5 types of software, application software, system software, driver software, middleware, programming software.
Application software, that are design to perfom specific function to user. Example, Web Browser.
System software cordinates the activities and functions of heardware and software. Example, OS.
Driver softwares are desing for enabling to perform their specific task of devises that are attached with the computer. Example, Keyboard.
Middleware software, as term describes it mediate between two application software or system software and application software.Example, Windows to exel and word.
Programming software, Computer programer use programing software to write a code. It enable programer to develop,write,test and debug code. Example, Compliers,Debuggers,Interpreters.

q3
What is SDLC, explain each phase of SDLC?
>>>
SDLC is high quality system approch for designing information system development projects.
Phases:
1. Planing, Defining the business needs.
2. Analysis, gethering and analysing requirements of the IS.
3. Design, desingning the arechcitech, database, user interface, and othe componends.
4. Development, Involves coding, testing, and debugging.
5. Testing, involes testing the information system to see if it meets the requirements. 
6. Deploy, involves deploying the information system to production and training.
7. Maintence, involves maintaining the information system after the deployment.

q4
What is DFD?
>>>
DFD stands for data flow diagram, that is graphical representation to undesrtand that how data flow within a system.

q5
what is flow chart?
>>>
Flow chart is the graphical representation of the of a system algorythm, diagram involved and sequence occure.

q6
What is usecase diagram?
>>>
Use case diagram is graphical diagram that is focused on actor and system interaction for different senarios.
